juanma youtuber welcome again to
my channel that short video I'm going to make a
a boxing with unpacked sony
xperia and 4g and that is the 4g version
also be on an improved screen
also of the main ones
features of this phone for
summarize write a memory of 8 gb a
giga de ram screen 4.7 inches
processor 4 cores to 1.5 gigabytes 4g
5 megapixel rear camera and
floating 2 megapixels
then we go to unpack
this product and I invite you to subscribe
to my channel and amber all your questions
comments or suggestions that we see the
scalpel and very carefully
let's open this
let's see where I start
let's start by removing this thing of course
ready
failure mark
I have seen how it is for the email with him
this piece of paper
we do not have nor average here like this but
you can see the other references
here says
Sony Xperia
of 4g
let's look at how we uncover this here
has seven other security
that this has other seals
security
very well
how do we uncover this
ready I finally found what it is to cover it
it seems everything comes out on one side or on the
other
destination of this by let's charge
then in this way
that comes in the box nothing left
well in manual always read the manuals
Quick start guide information
important recommendations of use very
important to the always then it comes
with its manuals usb wall charger
gesture of a 120 volt 120 charger
at 240 volts
date 850 milliamps 5 Volts
exit and comes with your hands free
the usb cable to charge it and take out and
put information and obviously the
cellular let's look at it here quickly
does not come with a protector on top of
be on some cell phones then here
we have the cell phone has almost if it has
a little protector here you see it
has front camera as I told you 2
megapixels is screen 4 points 7
inches the charger comes here to the
left the side normally the
other cell phones bring it underneath
over
on the right side you have the button
turned on by volume buttons by
behind you can come back that you have your camera
5 megapixel rear flash
this I do not know if it will be a speaker or a
microphone headphone or handset input
free and below has another optician
can be the microphone and that here can
take out an entrance or exit soon
sound
basically this is the phone this is
an approximate size is it was all
this video
thank you very much for watching my videos and not
miss the next video in which
I'll make a first light and also in
another video I'll talk about the
characteristics and specifications
cell phone techniques thanks